=head1 NAME

Email::Signature - adds a signature and attachments to a Mail::Message object

=head1 VERSION

Version 1.00

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Email::Signature;
    my $msg = Mail::Message->new...

    # Footer text
    my $footer = {
        plain => "Plain footer text",
        html  => "<b>HTML footer</b>"
    }

    my $emailsig = Email::Signature->new({ footer => $footer });

    # Add some attachments
    # First an inline one
    $emailsig->attach {
        cid         = cid001@domain.com,
        file        = /var/emailsig/image1.jpeg,
        mimetype    = image/jpeg,
        disposition = inline,
    };

    # Now attached normally
    $emailsig->attach {
        file    = /var/emails/image2.jpeg,
        mimetype = image/jpeg,
    };

    $msg = $emailsig->sign($msg);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Email::Signature is used to add a signature to emails. It tries to be as intelligent as possible. It attempts to position the signature as would be required by a normal user: for a reply that is top-posted, it tries to put it after the user's reply; for a bottom-posted or inline reply it adds it at the end.

Signatures can consist of HTML and plain text, plus attachments that can be either inline or normal attachments.

=head1 FUNCTIONS

=head2 new

C<new> creates a new Email::Signature. It takes an optional argument of a hash with the key 'footer', containing the footer as per C<footer>, and/or key 'addHtmlPart' as per C<addHtmlPart>.

=head2 footer($hashref)

C<footer()> specifies the footer text for the signature. It takes a hashref, with the keys C<html> and C<plain>. HTML can include image tags that specify the content-IDs of images added later.

=head2 addHtmlPart(0|1)

C<addHtmlPart()> specifies whether to add a HTML part if it is missing. It takes a value of 0 or 1 as required. If called without any arguments it returns the current setting.

=head2 attach($hashref)

C<attach()> attaches a single file. It can be called multiple times to attach several files. It takes a hashref, which at a minimum must specify C<file> and C<mimetype> keys. In addition, it may also contain C<cid> and C<disposition> keys.

=head2 sign(Mail::Message)

C<sign()> adds the previously defined signature to a Mail::Message. It returns the Mail::Message object with the signature added.

=head1 CAVEATS

Attempting to find the correct place to insert the footer is difficult. Only a limited number of email clients and languages have been provisioned for and tested. Please help by providing patches for better support.

=head1 BUGS

Please use the libemail-signature-perl Github page.

=head1 SUPPORT

Please use the libemail-signature-perl Github page.

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENCE

Copyright 2014 Ctrl O Ltd

You may distribute this code under the same terms as Perl itself.

